README.md, before:

# matt.travi.org

my profile

<!-- status badges -->
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/travi-org/matt.travi.org.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/travi-org/matt.travi.org)
[![Uptime Robot ratio (30 days)](https://img.shields.io/uptimerobot/ratio/m781503152-aae44941a69371a03b025fc5.svg)](https://status.travi.org)

## Usage

<!-- consumer badges -->
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/travi-org/matt.travi.org.svg)](LICENSE)

### Build for production

```sh
npm run build
```

## Contributing

<!-- contribution badges -->
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
![greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/travi-org/matt.travi.org.svg)
[![PRs Welcome][PRs-badge]][PRs-link]

### Install dependencies

```sh
nvm install
npm install
```

### Run development server

```sh
npm start
```

[PRs-link]: http://makeapullrequest.com
[PRs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg

Commit message:

docs(badges): added the percy badge

README.md, after:

# matt.travi.org

my profile

<!-- status badges -->
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/travi-org/matt.travi.org.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/travi-org/matt.travi.org)
[![Uptime Robot ratio (30 days)](https://img.shields.io/uptimerobot/ratio/m781503152-aae44941a69371a03b025fc5.svg)](https://status.travi.org)

## Usage

<!-- consumer badges -->
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/travi-org/matt.travi.org.svg)](LICENSE)

### Build for production

```sh
npm run build
```

## Contributing

<!-- contribution badges -->
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
![greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/travi-org/matt.travi.org.svg)
[![This project is using Percy.io for visual regression testing.](https://percy.io/static/images/percy-badge.svg)](https://percy.io/travi-org/matt.travi.org)
[![PRs Welcome][PRs-badge]][PRs-link]

### Install dependencies

```sh
nvm install
npm install
```

### Run development server

```sh
npm start
```

[PRs-link]: http://makeapullrequest.com
[PRs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg
